This PunchOut Extension License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is a written contract between you and your company (“you”)
and PunchOut Catalogs LLC (“PunchOut”) governing your use of the PunchOut extension, including any components, add-ins,
or updates thereto (the “Software”), but exclusive of any separately-installed open source software or third-party
components, to which different licensing terms may apply. During the term of this Agreement, PunchOut grants to you a
nonexclusive, non-assignable, royalty free, worldwide limited right to use the Software in connection with your instance
of Spryker. You shall not, and are expressly prohibited from doing any of the following in connection with the Software:
(a) removing or modifying any program markings or any notice of PunchOut’s or its licensors’ proprietary rights;
(b) modifying, making derivative works of, disassembling, reverse compiling, or reverse engineering any part of the
Software, or accessing or using the Software in order to build or support, and/or assist a third party in building or
supporting, products or services competitive to the Software; (c) licensing, selling, renting, leasing, transferring,
assigning, distributing, displaying, hosting, outsourcing, disclosing, or otherwise commercially exploiting the Software
other than as expressly permitted under the terms of this Agreement; or (d) copying, reproducing, modifying, or making
derivative works of the Software in any manner. You further agree to make every reasonable effort to prevent
unauthorized third parties from accessing the Software or using it in a manner prohibited by this Agreement.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS BASIS, AND PUNCHOUT DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT IT WILL BE ERROR-FREE, THAT USE THEREOF
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT PUNCHOUT WILL CORRECT ALL ERRORS OR BUGS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT PUNCHOUT DOES
NOT CONTROL THE TRANSFER OF DATA OVER COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES, INCLUDING THE INTERNET, AND THAT THE SOFTWARE MAY BE
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN THE USE OF SUCH COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES. EXCEPT AS
EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, PUNCHOUT DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS INCLUDING FOR
HARDWARE, SYSTEMS, NETWORKS OR ENVIRONMENTS OR FOR MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ACTUAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, EVEN IF PUNCHOUT
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Except for the license set forth above, nothing herein shall grant you any rights in and to the Software or any
component thereof, which, together with all associated intellectual property rights therein and thereto such as
copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret, shall remain the exclusive property of PunchOut and its licensors.
This Agreement is terminable by PunchOut at any time, including without limitation by discontinuing the availability of
the Software. This Agreement is terminable by you upon your permanent discontinuation of use and deletion of the
Software. The Agreement is governed by the substantive and procedural laws of Ohio and you and PunchOut agree to submit
to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court in Ohio in any dispute arising
out of or relating to the Agreement. This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and PunchOut regarding the
Software and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or representations. The Agreement may not be modified
and the rights and restrictions herein may not be altered, waived, or assigned by you except in a writing signed by
authorized representatives of PunchOut.
